feat: update guide for discord.js v14 and sapphire v4 (#222)
sapphiredev/website: docs/Guide/getting-started/updating-from-v3-to-v4.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 5
title: Updating from v3 to v4
toc_max_heading_level: 5
---

## Before you start

It is important to note that the primary breaking change of Sapphire v4 is support for DiscordJS v14.x. This means that

> for the bulk of the breaking changes we want to refer you to [Updating from v13 to v14][djs-migration].

Reviewer: This seems a bit clunky; maybe something like this?
```suggestion
for most of the breaking changes you should refer to [DiscordJS' upgrade guide][djs-migration].
```

## Sapphire specific changes

Sapphire has a few breaking changes that are not related to DiscordJS. These are:

> - The [`Identifiers`][Identifiers] enum was changed from `const enum` to [`enum`][enum].

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't call the const enum -> enum changes breaking tbh, for users this doesn't really change anything (for TS users its.. insignificant)

- The [`CommandOptionsRunTypeEnum`][CommandOptionsRunTypeEnum] enum was changed from `const enum` to [`enum`][enum].
- The [`CommandPreConditions`][CommandPreConditions] enum was changed from `const enum` to [`enum`][enum].
- The [`InteractionHandlerTypes`][InteractionHandlerTypes] enum was changed from `const enum` to [`enum`][enum].

> - The [`InternalRegistryAPIType`][InternalRegistryAPIType] enum was changed from `const enum` to [`enum`][enum].

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't log this as its not exposed to users
And also iirc should still be const

- The [`LogLevel`][LogLevel] enum was changed from `const enum` to [`enum`][enum].
- The [`PreconditionRunMode`][PreconditionRunMode] enum was changed from `const enum` to [`enum`][enum].

> - The type [`Command.ChatInputInteraction`][ChatInputInteraction] enum was changed to

Reviewer 2: Its an alias, not an enum
